README.md, before:

# Simple Video Skipper Chrome Extension

![Extension](/icon.png)

Since Youtsube (ようつべ) is blocking the video player after 3 video when using ad blocker (01/11/23), it's been so frustrating. I don't want to listen to the music played or watch the ad video. So, This extension (bi ithnillah) may help you (me) to skip the ad by setting the current time to the end of the video without triggering the ad blocker-blocker.

Maybe there are many similiar extension in the [chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions), but I want to create it myself.


## Installation
1. Open your Chromium browser. (Not have been test it in the other browsers than Google Chrome).
2. Go to [Extension page](chrome://extensions).
   - by URL : chrome://extensions.
   - by ⋮ Menu : Open menu > Extensions > Manage Extensions.

**(分岐)**

### Using cloned repo
3. Click on "Load unpacked".
4. Select the folder you clone.
5. Arrange it yourself.

### Using [released package](https://github.com/haqizza/video-skipper-ext/releases)
3. Download the [latest released package](https://github.com/haqizza/video-skipper-ext/releases/latest).
4. Extract it.
5. Drag the extracted .crx file to the Extensions page.
6. Click on "Add Extension" in the dialogue appeared.


## How to Use
### Keyboard shortcut :sparkles:
You can use keyboard shortcut to trigger the video skipper. This is the default keyboard shortcut (you can change it yourself):

| OS | Shortcut |
| --- | --- |
| **Windows/Linux** | Ctrl+Shift+Q|
| **Mac** | Command+Shift+Q|

> [!NOTE]
> Remember, this extension working on the all video playing, not just the ad video.

> [!WARNING]
> Be careful to shortcut conflict when changing the keyboard shortcut.

### Popup UI
1. Click on this extension icon on the extensions toolbar.
2. Click the "Skip Video" button.

Commit message:

docs: :memo: update docs
Added Japanese summary.
Added contact section.
Fix sentences.

README.md, after:

# Simple Video Skipper Chrome Extension

![Extension](/icon.png)

Since Youtsube (ようつべ) is blocking the video player after 3 video when using ad blocker (01/11/23), it's been so frustrating. I don't want to listen to the music played or watch the ad video. So, This extension (bi ithnillah) may help you (me) to skip the ad by setting the current time to the end of the video without triggering the ad blocker-blocker.

流された音楽やおもんない広告動画も見たくないのに、ようつべが広告ブロッカーを使ったら3個の動画を見た後に動画が見れなくされる以来、ずっとイライラしてた。この拡張機能（Extension）は動画の最後の部分に現在時間を設定することで、ようつべの広告ブロッカーのブロッカーを発動させずに、動画をスキップすることで広告をスキップすることを可能とします。

Maybe there are many similiar extension in the [chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions), but I want to create it myself, and share it.

多分、[Chromeウェブストア](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions)でこれに似た拡張機能は多々あるでしょう。それでも私は自分で作りたいのでこのレポを作ってシェアしたい。

日本語の部分はここまでににだけ書きます。続きが必要であればご連絡下さい。

## Installation
1. Open your Chromium browser. (Not have been test it in the other browsers than Google Chrome).
2. Go to [Extension page](chrome://extensions).
   - by URL : chrome://extensions.
   - by ⋮ Menu : Open menu > Extensions > Manage Extensions.

**(分岐)**

### Using cloned repo
3. Click on "Load unpacked".
4. Select the folder you clone.
5. Arrange it yourself.

### Using [released package](https://github.com/haqizza/video-skipper-ext/releases)
3. Download the [latest released package](https://github.com/haqizza/video-skipper-ext/releases/latest).
4. Extract it.
5. Drag the extracted .crx file to the Extensions page.
6. Click on "Add Extension" in the dialogue appeared.


## How to Use
### Keyboard shortcut :sparkles:
You can use keyboard shortcut to trigger the video skipper. This is the default keyboard shortcut (you can change it yourself):

| OS | Shortcut |
| --- | --- |
| **Windows/Linux** | Ctrl+Shift+Q|
| **Mac** | Command+Shift+Q|

> [!NOTE]
> Remember, this extension working on the all video playing, not just the ad video.

> [!WARNING]
> Be careful on the shortcut conflict when changing the keyboard shortcut.

### Popup UI
1. Click on this extension icon on the extensions toolbar.
2. Click the "Skip Video" button.

<br><br><br><br>

## Contact
If there is something, you can send a direct message to my X [@ haqizza_](https://twitter.com/haqizza_).

ご連絡はX（旧Twitter）[@ haqizza_](https://twitter.com/haqizza_)までおねがいします。
